Fred this is a very expensive hotel room
don't mind it just don't do anything
[Music]
hey guys it's Fred and as you can see my
very own hotel room you guys are
probably wondering how I got into such a
fancy hotel room well it's because I mom
met this rich guy on the internet he
flew us out here to meet him
actually right now and I was gonna hot
date with him so I got something out
went my mom is so cool and she has all
these profiles on these different online
dating websites and she's always beating
these awesome guys when turning on me
traveled around the whole entire state
because one guy in his van there was all
these police cars chasing us and it was
just so awesome I thought like I was
inside one of those video games
unfortunately lots of the really nice
guys my mom needs end up in jail locked
up in cages like animals but you know my
dad then presents maybe he meets them in
tears of love you know really wish I
could meet my dad minibar
all this free food I gotta eat some
pizza yeah I just wrong why me anyone
ever so cool P for the people that
person who made that is lazy hey um
since all you have is frozen pizza
inside this hotel room that's a joke by
the way I'm kind of an ice cream sundae
okay thanks
oh my god I'm gonna get an ice cream
sundae mmm needs a mustard
[Music]
swaye butter mmm and because ice cream
is somewhat healthy I think I'm gonna
have something healthy to it and anti-us
it's big who needs a spoon these days
you don't ever even understand why
anyone would ever want to waste the
money on a house would you have to mow
your lawn all that stuff what you eat as
long as a hotel room someday me and Judy
are gonna be happily living married
having kids all inside a hotel room
[Music]
grape is my move
I'm not in your room in my room where's
your mother
my mom is on a hot day with a rich guy
don't be jealous
why do you sound that way you know what
I made a nice guy I know you're a little
bit confused and ahead a little bit
messed up up there so you know I'll let
you say and so my mom gets here we need
to call her now hey what a twister
your mom's coming back to get you soon
right now you know should get me going
four days maybe even a week okay just
depends well let's kind of play mean
this days later your best friends get
out